Tell me when I can start.
You can start.
You can start now.
OK.
Good evening, everyone.
I'm Christine Hage.
I'm born in France from Polish parents.
So I have stories about France, about Poland.
And I'm living happily in Vienna, Austria,
because Shwemataji gave me a lovely, strong Austrian husband.
So during my first India tour in 85, 86, it was in Raurie.
I heard for the first time the Mahalakshmi's totem.
I don't remember if it was a music program or during a puja.
But when I heard this song for the first time, I mean, I was so moved.
I was blasted and I started to cry, to cry.
And in myself, I said, but why are you crying?
Shwemataji is here and you are crying.
And I looked at Shwemataji and she was crying too.
And at the end of the song, she said,
you see, it doesn't matter if you are singing or if you are listening.
When you feel the spirit, we are one.
And for this, also session with stories.
Doesn't matter who speaks or who listens.
But these stories, I mean, they are so fascinating
because they show the divine play, how Shwemataji.
For each one of us, and we are thousands,
created situations for every one of us to learn something about ourselves,
to go deeper in spirituality.
And we such love, such care, such humor also.
And only the divine can manage such show.
So I met Shwemataji for the first time in August 82 in Lausanne, in Switzerland.
I saw I was by chance there and I saw the poster of Shwemataji.
She was not the motherly face on this poster.
It was the guru face.
I looked at her and I said, oh, I know her.
She's strict, but I need someone strict to make order in my life.
And I went to the program.
I was staying completely behind because I didn't want to be enrolled in a set.
So I observed everyone who was there.
And I saw at this time, Marie Martin was pregnant.
And I said to myself, oh, we can also get children when we do this yoga.
And Shwemataji came a little bit later, I mean, maybe 30 or 45 minutes.
She came and she was just walking majestically in her white siren.
Suddenly, a couple of Swiss people stood up and showed her the watch because she was too late and we are in Switzerland.
And Shwemataji just went on and she said, for God, there is no time.
Just to hear this, I said, she's the right one.
She is sent by God.
And after the realization, I mean, I just felt so strong vibrations and this confirmed what I was looking for all the time,
even when I was a child, because my name, Christine, there is Christ inside and I'm born in Pankot,
Kingston, and I knew I will once feel like the apostles, the Holy Ghost on my head.
And this was the time.
Shwemataji left the hall and I stayed in the hall.
I was alone. I couldn't go away.
And suddenly she was near me.
She took my hands and she said, did you feel it?
And I just could answer, yes.
And I felt as I don't know, I cannot describe what I felt, but like an energy, something that she gave me.
So I came back to Moulouse, to France.
I gave realization to some friends, to some relatives.
And we were a little group meeting every week to meditate.
And with the help of the Swiss yogis.
And this was, I met Shwemataji in 82, August 82.
In Easter 83, my friend Martin and me, we were teaching both of them.
We had holidays.
So we went to the ashram in Le Fournet at this time.
And for the first time, I entered a meditation room.
And this was also overwhelming to see all these pictures of mother.
And I remember I just sat down and I spoke to Shwemataji.
I told her, please come in my town also to give realization to such a lot of seekers there.
In June 83, the five ladies from the province, from Moulouse, we went to Paris where Shwemataji gave programs in Paris.
When we were at the airport, Shwemataji came.
And from the group of the five ladies, I was the only one to have seen Shwemataji physically.
The other one just was on the picture.
And one told me she was expecting a princess or a queen to come.
And Shwemataji came just with a coat, with a scarf on her head like a normal lady.
And when she saw us, she said, why are you looking so serious all of you?
Thinking about your catches, about your problems, are you not happy to see your mother?
And she left.
And we didn't know where she's going to the flood of Mary or to the ashram.
So we decided to go to the ashram.
We just knew the direction.
We knew it's leurancy, but no address.
We went there.
We were in this place.
And suddenly we saw a house and a lot of shoes outside.
So we said, OK, it must be there.
So we enter the house.
And there was at this time not a lot of yogis, maybe 10.
And Shwemataji sitting in her armchair.
And the leader at this time said, come, come, come.
And I just came in front of Shwemataji.
I did namaste.
And he said, Shwemataji, this is Christine from Moulouse.
And she said, but I know her.
And she did like this to me, to come to her.
She took me.
She embraced me.
And she said, you are meeting again after 2000 years.
She confirmed what I was feeling already as a child,
that I was living in the time of Christ.
At the program, she did a program, evening program.
And at the end of the program, she
asked the yogis to come in front to help her
to work on the new people.
We from the province, we didn't know how to work on someone.
We didn't want to do something wrong.
So we stayed completely behind in the hole.
Someone came and gave me the coat of Shwemataji to hold.
Such vibrations coming out of this coat.
And all the five ladies, I mean, we
were feeling a little bit, how to say,
Schuldig guilty that we couldn't help Shwemataji.
But I tell you, we were just in total awareness
at this moment.
We were just looking at her, so happy to see her.
Shwemataji finished her session.
Someone took again away the coat of Shwemataji.
And she left the hole.
But when she passed near her, near us,
a little group of the five ladies, she stopped.
And she said, she did namaste, and she said,
thank you very much.
You have no idea how much you helped me this evening.
Thank you very much.
And this is pure Zen, action in inaction.
So this was in June.
And our first puja in a foreign country
was in England, Guru Puja in Lajjil.
And the 24th of July.
Oh, wait.
Before I have to tell you, I want
before I have to tell you that when
I was in the ashram of Switzerland,
I forgot to tell you that I meditate.
I asked Shwemataji to come to our place.
And after this, when I came out of the meditation room,
Arno told me, the leader at this time told me,
you see, Christine, Shwemataji's tour is already planned.
But write an invitation to her.
It might be that she's coming to Melus.
So with Martin and with our poor English,
we just wrote a little, little letter just
to thank Shwemataji to have given us the realization
that now we know the meaning of the word love, friendship,
and we would like her to come to give realization
to the seekers of our place.
And in Lajjil, the 24th of July, this
was the day of Holy Christine, Naman's Day.
Yeah, the day Arno came to me and he said, Christine,
Shwemataji is coming to Melus.
And she came the 1st of September,
the birthday of my sister.
I mean, this detail, this coincidence.
And she came and we were first in Switzerland
for the Krishna puja.
And we were not a lot of maybe 20, 25 people.
It was in the garden of the ashram.
And after we, Miss Martin, we left quickly to Melus
to prepare my flat for Shwemataji's coming.
In my bedroom, there was a cupboard.
And on this cupboard, there was such a lot of spots.
I wanted to get rid of these spots to clean.
And I took chemical things, you see, to clean.
Nothing went away.
And after some time, I say, OK, I gave up.
I just took a little chiffon to the last chance
to put away the dust.
And suddenly, all the spots disappeared by themselves.
But in the same moment, Martin was in the kitchen cleaning
the candle holder.
And she shouted, Christine, what is happening?
The candle holders are cleaning by themselves.
And later on, yeah, we were told that already the Ghanas
and the deities were in this place
to help us to prepare Shwemataji's coming.
Shwemataji came from Basel to Melus by train.
And we organized an armchair, comfort table
that we rented.
We put some saris on.
But we forgot, completely forgot,
to prepare a table for her food when she was eating.
Can you imagine Shwemataji had her plate, warm plate,
on her lap to eat because there was no table?
And Warren, who was with Shwemataji,
was so cross with Martin as we me.
How would we dare not to sing about this?
I mean, he was really tough.
So we got a little bit of fright.
So I went to my neighbor to hold, to take a table.
And I came back with a table, a little table.
And Shwemataji, when she saw the table, she said, no, no, no,
no.
I don't need any table.
I'm completely satisfied.
You see, I could have eaten in the train.
But I said, no, I want to eat in Melus.
I mean, this delicacy of her not to hurt her.
And also, she was asking me the permission
to use my telephone to phone to her husband in England.
She asked the permission.
The other yogis didn't.
They just took the phone and phoned.
And she did the program.
And at the end of the program, suddenly she said,
how is it that I'm here in Melus?
It was not planned.
It's only the desire of one woman who said.
And she repeated exactly the sentences
that I said in the meditation room in Switzerland.
And only me, I could understand this.
And history, I repeated history.
I told history also in the 90s when
we were in Poland to start Saja Yoga in Poland.
Because Annegret and me, we were just both of us
to do the programs twice a week.
And the people were asking, do you
think Śwematajik will come once to Poland?
We are such an incipient country.
And they were hesitating.
And I told them the story.
I said, look, when it was a desire of one woman,
we are here 200, 250.
If we have the desire, Śwematajik will come.
And Annegret also said, and let's give abandon.
And about abandon, Śwematajik also in Poland, in Warsaw,
gave us the meaning of abandon.
Because we told her that people were queuing so
that we work on them.
We were just both of them.
So we couldn't spend a lot of time to work on each one.
So either it was cool and it was OK, and it was warm.
So we just gave abandon.
And people asked us, what are you doing?
And we said, we are phoning to God without wire.
There was no handy at this time.
So we told Śwematajik this story,
and she was just laughing.
And after she told us the meaning of abandon,
she said, you see, when you do this movement in the water,
it's going very deep in the water.
When you do this movement here, and this is the Saṃsāra,
it's going deep in Paramṣaitanya,
who takes over all problems.
The day after this program with Anne-Grédre,
we went to the post office because her husband
was in Switzerland, and she wanted to call him.
And you know, at this time in the 90s,
we had to wait some time, hours, to have the connection
to the post office.
So I went and I told the lady, I gave her the phone number,
and I heard the medallion of Śwematajik.
She looked at me and she said, who is this lady?
I said, she's my spiritual mother.
She looked at me, she did the number,
and immediately we heard the connection.
And Anne-Grédre went in the cabin to phone,
and suddenly I heard she was shouting, Christine, Christine,
Śwematajik is coming to Poland.
The desire worked out.
But before going on with stories about Poland,
the story of my marriage.
This was in the first year of the marriage in Ganapati
Pule, 85, 86.
I was married to Hermann Hage, an Austrian.
And the day of the weddings, we had the ceremony of Haldi
in the morning at the beach time.
On the beach.
Śwematajik was sitting on a stone.
We were all the ladies around her,
and she spoke very strictly with us.
She said, you see, if you don't want to marry now,
you have to tell me now, because I don't want
you to make a man unhappy.
And never, never argue with your husband.
I mean, since this time I've improved,
but still there is a long way to do.
And she said, if there is some problems,
just give abandon, because you are the left side.
And all the dings and all the ganas will help you.
And we had to meet under the pendulum at 5 o'clock.
And all, we were here, two rows of yoginis, two rows of yogis.
Everybody was here, but not Hermann.
He was not here.
The place was free near me.
But I didn't know where he is.
So I just meditated.
And suddenly, the voice of Śwematajik, Christine,
where is your husband?
I was already a little bit shocked,
because she said, husband, before the marriage.
And I looked at her, and I said, Śwematajik, I don't know.
And at this moment, I went completely on the left side.
I couldn't control it.
And in me came all these emotions
of the previous experiences.
They all wanted to marry me, and they left me.
And it's becoming again now in Sajja Yoga the same,
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I couldn't stop this.
Suddenly again, Śwematajik, Christine,
where is your husband?
And I again told her, I don't know, Śwematajik.
But this time, I went completely on the right side.
In me, there was such an anger.
I couldn't control why is he not here.
He knew he has to come here.
And I couldn't stop.
And I wanted to meditate.
And I was really in a turmoil of thoughts.
And again, the voice of Śwematajik.
And I answered, desperate, I don't know Śwematajik.
And suddenly, she started laughing and telling everybody,
look at her.
She even doesn't know who is her husband,
because she didn't ask me this time, where is your husband?
But who is your husband?
But I didn't hear the question.
I was so involved in my thoughts and everybody laughing.
And I was thinking, how stupid you are now.
Everybody laughing about you.
What should I do?
And I remember what she said in the morning.
Just give abandon.
So I gave abandon.
And in my heart, I said, Śwematajik,
you know where he is.
And I looked and suddenly, he was here.
And now, Herman will tell his side of the story.
Hello, everybody.
Cześrīmatteci.
So I'm the one who is responsible for this bad
feelings of Christine.
And how it happened, I can tell you shortly.
I was quite relaxed before the wedding.
And I knew we have to meet.
It's a panel.
And she's not achieving it.
It's louder.
Louder?
And so.
It's fine.
I can hear you fine.
Yes, it's fine.
Herman.
My wife is fine.
She likes correct things.
So I was quite relaxed and was thinking I would just take my
time and see what happens.
And when I was looking around, there was nobody in.
So I said, my God, what's happening?
I have to hurry up.
So when I came to the panel, of course, everybody was there.
What I remember was there were about 56 couples sitting in four
rows and I was just at the end of what the situation.
Can you imagine?
Cześrīmatteci is still there.
I am at the end of the panel.
Where is my wife?
And but suddenly I felt a force pulling me just in front.
And then I said, OK, I am not very astonished.
I have to excuse the Cześrīmatteci for my coming too late.
And when I came just in front, I saw Christine sitting there and
looking now happily.
OK, that's my plan.
OK, so to come back to Poland, just some stories were really
very strong for me.
They were very strong for me.
Once we were with Cześrīmatteci in a little shop of porcelain.
She bought such a lot of handicraft and handmade porcelain.
Beautiful.
And the shop was very small.
And all the time there was a little boy, maybe five, six
years old from a gypsy.
And I must say he was very, very dirty.
His face, his hands.
All the time he came in and the owner of the shop was pushing
him back.
And he tried many a times.
And in the moment where in my head came these thoughts.
I mean, he should not come close to Cześrīmatteci.
He has her white sari.
He will spoil her sari.
I was thinking this.
It was in my head.
This little boy came.
Cześrīmatteci took him, embraced him, looked at me,
and she said, you see, he recognized me.
What a love.
And what a lesson for me.
Another story.
She was in the hotel preparing the present
to give to all the yogis.
And I was helping her.
And can you imagine?
You know, every now know how stupid the ego is.
And at this time, my ego was really so stupid.
All the time in my head, I had to have a special present
to get a special present because I started Sājāyoga
in Poland.
And I couldn't stop this.
So near Cześrīmatteci with all these stupid ego in my head,
I said, how can I stop this?
And in my safe, I just said, Cześrīmatteci,
please help me stop this thought.
In this moment, she took a box with an eclase and earrings,
and she gave it to me.
And she said, this is specially for you.
But I didn't feel well.
But the story is not over because afterwards, she
gave the same present to a lot of yoginis.
And she helped me just to be relaxed after this.
Yeah.
After a program also, her feet were very, very swallowed
because she's absorbing all this negativity.
And she asked me to massage her feet.
And as soon as I touched her feet,
she was screaming out of pain.
And I was scared.
I didn't dare to touch her.
And she said, come, come.
And strong, strong, massage very strongly.
And for her tooth, she said, water came out, a lot of water.
And she said, you see, Christ was crucified once.
I'm crucified every day.
Another time also by massaging her feet,
she said, do you see the light coming out of my feet?
I must confess I didn't see.
And she said, look, she said, every pore of my skin
is a universe.
You are massaging universes.
I mean, these are dimensions not for us human beings.
Yeah, these are the main stories I remember now about Poland.
And it would be nice now to pass on to Herman
to speak about a little bit about the Kabela.
Hello, thank you again.
So as I am an architect, I was very lucky that she
called me, like many architects, to Kabela
to help with the planning and all the things.
And I actually prepared some sequences
because there was a book in 95 which
was made of an Austrian yogi with pictures
and I had the opportunity to write the preface.
So I will read it here.
OK.
Trimataji herself sometimes moved from room to room
so as not to hinder the building work.
Her bed and pieces of furniture were carried from here to there
and everything was covered with a thick layer of dust.
This did not seem to bother Trimataji at all
as she always remained good-humored
in the atmosphere of chaos.
She hardly ever left the room where
she was staying at the time and never went up
to the upper floors.
However, she always knew what was going on everywhere
and she baffled the architects with her knowledge of details
that one could not have without going into these rooms.
Another one.
The original walls are approximately 1,000 years old
since the building was originally erected as a fortress
and a few hundred years later was covered into a castle.
The fortress characteristics can still
be seen in the four corner towers in front of the facade.
The south tower on the right-hand side
has a crack in the lower floors that is a few centimeters wide
and goes down into the foundations.
One company tried to convince Trimataji
to pay for a newly expensive restoration,
telling her that the house was in a great danger of collapsing.
Trimataji merely indicated that she
knew that this is part of the house stood on the rock
and the crack would not get any bigger.
Besides this, during the restoration,
she always let us know that Sri Krishna himself was holding
the house in his hands.
This must also be the reason why in spite
of some daring removals of walls and construction beams,
there was never any damage.
So I will end up with a personal experience
in front of Trimataji.
Sri was, we were talking about a plan,
and she was pointing to an outer wall
and was talking about a window.
And I knew there is no window.
So I was really get confused.
A couple of yogis were sitting around.
And we were just laughing.
They all had big fun.
I was confused.
And unconsciously, during I was talking,
I put my hand like this on the South.
I wasn't aware of this, said I did it.
And suddenly, I knew what she meant.
She meant the window which wasn't there, actually.
And she wanted the window to have.
So the workers immediately opposed and said,
but Trimataji, there are such thick walls.
The bricks are like cubes of some big centimeters.
And so she said, no, go on.
You will see.
What came out was there was a window before.
And they filled up the wall with little bricks.
So there was no problem at all to have.
It was no problem.
And there was a window which she knew.
And I was quite astonished, I must say,
because she never went to the basement.
She never went to the roof floor.
She never went to the attic.
And she knew every detail.
You cannot imagine.
So at least, what a luck for me to be there at this time.
Thank you.
Yes.
OK.
Some stories about, for me, about Kavella also.
One story where also Caroline is involved without knowing.
Yeah.
It was like this, that Caroline was pregnant at this time
when we were there.
And I was, how to say, when I knew that she's pregnant,
suddenly came in me all negative emotions again
because I lost many a times a child.
I couldn't get a child.
And in Poland, she told me not to be pregnant again.
Otherwise, it could be dangerous for me.
And it was a Sunday, I remember, because on Monday,
I was with Shrimataji.
Kalka was not there, and I was with her.
And all the night, I was just sad.
I was just crying because I will never get a child.
I was caught up, for how we say.
And I said to myself, no, you are
going to Shrimataji to be with her,
and you are completely caught up.
And I was waiting for the door for her to call.
And she called, and I opened the door.
I came in the room, and this beautiful picture.
You see this chimney with fire, and Shrimataji
staying near in the armchair.
And Shrimataji looked at me, and she said, oh, Christine,
you are looking now so much better.
You left the idea to get a child.
And the whole night, I was caught up
because I couldn't get one.
So I said to her, Shrimataji, I accept it because you told me,
but in a way, this desire is stealing me.
And she said, no, no, no, no.
You see, to lose a child, it's always
such a short physical, emotional.
You are always looking so pale.
Now you are looking 10 years younger.
And what is it to get a child?
Food napkins, food napkins.
You couldn't do the job you did in Poland.
And your husband, he's like my husband.
After I got my second daughter, he
didn't want me to go through all this again.
And it's India.
It's a curse not to have a boy.
And I said to her, but Shrimataji, people
are asking me, what is wrong with me?
We chakra is catching.
Why do I not get a child?
At this moment, her face became completely dark.
I saw, I felt Shrimahakali here.
And she said, who are these people who are torturing you?
They have no right to torture you.
They have to look after their own vibrations.
And I tell you, this was such a balzam for my heart.
And this balzam, I shared it once at a seminar in Kabela.
And you cannot imagine how many people were in the same
situation like me and how these words of Shrimataji helped us
all.
This compassion, she knows everything.
Another time in Kabela, I was alone with her in her room.
And she asked me, she said, Christine,
how is it that you people, as soon as you got realization,
you took to Dharma?
When you open the TV, you always
see a man having his hand on a woman who is not his wife.
What to answer?
So I told Shrimataji, I mean, before Sajayoga,
I didn't lead a saintly life.
But I was longing after this innocence.
And I found it in Sajayoga.
And she said, and these are punyas from previous lives,
because you all were great people in previous lives.
And maybe these situations that Herman already said,
with two or three yogis, we were asked,
Shrimataji asked us in a room to put all the cartons from one
side to another one to move also one bed.
And we were busy the whole day moving cartons from here
to here.
In the evening, she came in the room.
And she said, what did you do?
It's not the right place.
Please bring everything back.
So can you imagine if you start thinking to understand,
you are lost completely.
The only way was to surrender and to enjoy the vibrations.
And also in Kabela, she decided to go to Prague at this time.
And I was asked to go with her to Prague.
So for the preparation already, she
told me, Christine, go in this room.
There are codes.
It's autumn.
And bring me the violet code.
I went in the room, a lot of codes, many colors,
but no violet codes.
I went back to her.
And I said, Shrimataji, there is no violet code.
Ooh, you are not supposed to say no to Shrimataji.
And I forgot it.
She looked at me.
And very strictly, she said, if I say there is a violet code,
this code is there.
Go and bring me this code.
Ooh.
I went quickly in the room.
No violet code.
What should I do?
But she helped me also with her inspiration.
I came back, and I said, Shrimataji, the violet code,
is it the room?
But with my human eyes, I didn't see it.
But she was just laughing.
And she said, OK, go and bring me a code, but not with fur,
because I don't want to show off in these countries.
In the plane?
No.
We were driving by car from Kabela to the airport.
And at the end of Kabela, there is a cemetery.
And passing near the cemetery, Shrimataji looked at it.
And she said, how is it?
I don't understand why human beings are building houses
for boots, because in Italy, they build this monument.
I can understand that human beings
are building temples, churches, cathedral to worship God.
But even this, she said, the real true temple is the heart.
In the plane, it was autumn.
And we were watching the nice autumn color of the forest.
And she said, look, it's like the fell of a tiger.
And I looked at her.
I said, Shrimataji, how beautiful is your creation?
I mean, the nature.
No, I said the nature.
And she looked at me.
And she said, but you see, the beautiful are the human beings.
And we were flying over a river.
And she asked me the name of the river.
I knew it, but at this time, it was black out.
I couldn't find it again.
I said, Shrimataji, I don't remember.
Danube?
No, it's not the Danube, but it is something.
I knew it.
And suddenly, behind me, a man was whistling
the moldau of Smetana.
And I looked at her.
I said, Shrimataji, this is the moldau, the moldau.
And when we came into the hotel, one yogi put a cassette.
And he said, Shrimataji, a small piece of classical music.
And it was the moldau.
And she looked at me.
And she said, she knew it.
She knew it.
And for the next story, I have to explain something
what happened before.
We were living in an ashram.
And one thing.
Yeah, OK, he wants to say something.
Yeah.
Really short, some sense.
Really short, some sentences.
And I was flying Shrimataji from Warsaw to Prague.
And she did not talk much.
And she was sitting in this chair and sleeping, actually,
the whole time.
And when we landed, the plane was
pumping on this, when it was landing.
We were making some jumps.
And she woke up and looked at me and said,
you see, German style, because we were landing in Berlin.
We were landing.
OK.
Go on.
We were living in an ashram.
And we were meditating in the morning.
And once, the leader of this time
came to check our vibrations.
So he was sitting behind us, taking our vibrations.
Can you imagine how relaxed we were to meditate?
And after we had a breakfast together,
and we were only two women, there
was an ashram with men only.
And when my husband left, he told in front of everybody,
and Christine is catching, has the worst
vibrations of the ashram.
She's catching on Muladhara.
Boom.
I didn't show any reaction.
But inside me, I was destroyed.
So when he left, I went out of the ashram.
And I called my sister in France to tell her this.
And my sister, she was good at this time,
because she told me, you see, Christine, she just
gave us tests that we can bear.
And this was good for me, because no self-pity allowed.
And after I met my husband in the park,
and he also told me, you see, Christine, where is the problem?
Either you are catching on Muladhara,
you have to accept it and to work it out.
Or maybe he's an idiot, and it's completely not the case.
But why are you so destroyed by one sentence of someone?
You have to strengthen yourself inside and take
the divine weapons we have to forgive and to witness.
And when we were in Prague, Shimataji
heard our attention on this guy who in between left Saja Yoga.
And someone told Shimataji this story about me.
Maybe it was my husband.
I don't remember.
And when we were alone in the room, Shimataji asked me.
He said, Christine, why are you?
Did you not tell me that this man was torturing you?
And I said, Shimataji, I took it as a big test
to forgive and to witness.
And she started laughing.
And she said she was speaking about this man telling
that he was feeling his own Muladhara,
because when he was near her, the Muladhara of Shimataji
was burning.
And after these sentences that every yogi should hear once,
she said in Saja Yoga, no one has the right
to use vibrations to judge someone.
And one more about Poland.
We were in a train station.
Shimataji came with a lot of suitcases.
And there was no chariot with a trailer
to put on the suitcases.
So the yogis went all around to look for a trailer.
And I stayed.
Shimataji near the suitcases.
And suddenly, she said, look, this man is waiting for us.
It was a man with these electric chariot, I mean,
with a trailer.
I looked at her and I said, oh, Shimataji,
I would also like in my life all problems
to be solved so quickly.
And she looked at me and she said, it's very easy.
Just be relaxed.
So I just, as conclusion, I would
like to say the words Shimataji said in the 90s in India
for the inauguration of the new center, Nairida.
She said, she went into meditation.
We were a little group in a room.
And she said, you have no idea how beautiful the future is.
You have no idea how beautiful it is.
But prepare yourself.
Before, you will get a lot of shocks.
But never, never doubt.
And don't lose the joy of the connection to the divine.
Meditate, meditate, meditate.
And meditate means to be in the state of thoughtless awareness,
this etheric area where no negativity can penetrate,
where yogis are building an aura of spirituality
around this Earth.
We are her hands.
We are her instruments.
So we should go more and more in this thoughtless awareness
so that her love, her compassion can come on this Earth
and fight negativity wanting to destroy her creation.
Jai Shimataji.